react-front-end/public/docs/planning-presenting/presentation.md, before:

## Introductions (15-20 sec): 
 ### Tell the audience your name & your background! 
<br>

KEVIN: ```'Hi, I'm Kevin, I'm a Full Stack Developer coming from a background in Construction.'```

RICKY: ```'Hi, I'm Ricky, I'm a Full Stack Developer coming from a Commercial Real Estate.' ```

ALVIN: ``` 'Hi, I'm Alvin, also a Full Stack Developer but with a Human Resources background.```

- ```'We are the Piggy Financial Team!'```

## Inspiration for the project (30-45 sec): 
   ### The user story, pitch
<br>

RICKY:
- ```'We could all agree that tracking your financial goals can be tricky.'```
- ```'We came up with this virtual piggy bank tracker for our users. '```
- ```'It will assist by advising how much you should be putting away to keep you financially on track to get that new car, down payment on a new home or a much needed vacation, ESPECIALLY AFTER BOOTCAMP!.' ```
- ```'It also has a built in feature as a budget tracker for when you are on said vacation!'```

## Walk-through of the main features (120-150 sec): tech stack, challenges
- ```'We're using React for our front end, Express in the backend and Postgres for data management.'```

RICKY: 
```Here we have a basic user login page where it would allow the user to log in or create an account if they don’t have one. ```
\
\
(Logs in Ricky)
\
\
(SAVINGS PAGE )

```As I log in, it will showcase the profile page with my goal, amount, and the days until I reached the goal. There’s also a progress circle on the right to remind myself what percent I’m at for my down payment. Underneath I can click the tabs to show how much money I’m advised to save per day, per week, per month, in order to reach my goal.```

(PROFILE PAGE)

```Now moving onto the profile page: On this page it’ll show my current goal, the target goal amount and the current deadline to reach my goal. I can also edit and change my goals as the user in case anything changes. Now I’ll pass it off to Kevin to go over the expense page.```

KEVIN: 

- ```As you see with my profile I'm trying to save up for a Macbook.```

- ```We'll head over to the savings page just to see how much more I need to save.```

- ```You can tell that I only need about 300 more dollars ```
- ```The advice tabs will deactivate based on how much time is left until the goal end date```
- ```Once I head over to the expenses page```
- ```I'm going to add an income to my list```
- ```Then $300 to the savings to hit my goal```
- ```Now let's check to see how well I have been saving in the chart```
- ```As you can see I'm doing pretty well!```
- ```Once we hit our goal the piggy bank is full!```
- ```Now we can click it to break it!```
- ```WOOHOO!```
- ```I'll pass it off to Alvin to handle the rest of our features```

ALVIN:

- ```In my page you can see I was initially saving for a car```
- ```But, lets say I change my mind post boot camp, and I now need a vacation instead```
- ```We look at our savings and see we only need about $700.```
- ```We just won a bet against Kevin and lets throw that money into our savings to hit our goal!```
- ```Now lets go break that piggy we also that vacation mode is accessible only if you are saving for a vacation```\
(break the pig)\
(click vacation mode)
- ```Once the dates are set, we see that the app changes to vacation mode on submission```
- ```The savings page changes to track your budget and advised daily spending```
- ```Expenses now only show expenses made after the vacation start date```
- ```The line graph reverses and tracks your spending instead of your savings```
- ```You can even change the currency that is being displayed to match the country your in``` 
- ```expenses made in other currencies will also convert back to USD in the table```

(make expense)

the biggest challenge we had was making sure all of our apis and front end were communicating to properly display information dynamically

## Further developments (30-60 sec): in the future, we'd like to explore x and y, etc.
If we had more time

- set up proper authentication with our login & cookies
- more data analytic to displays where all your money is going
- geo locating for currency suggestions over seas


```This is Piggy Financial!```

```THANK YOU!```

Commit message:

corrects advised spending amounts bug when changing currencies

react-front-end/public/docs/planning-presenting/presentation.md, after:

## Introductions (15-20 sec): 
 ### Tell the audience your name & your background! 
<br>

KEVIN: ```'Hi, I'm Kevin, I'm a Full Stack Developer coming from a background in Construction.'```

RICKY: ```'Hi, I'm Ricky, I'm a Full Stack Developer coming from a Commercial Real Estate.' ```

ALVIN: ``` 'Hi, I'm Alvin, also a Full Stack Developer but with a Human Resources background.```

- ```'We are the Piggy Financial Team!'```

## Inspiration for the project (30-45 sec): 
   ### The user story, pitch
<br>

RICKY:
- ```'We could all agree that tracking your financial goals can be tricky.'```
- ```'We came up with this virtual piggy bank tracker for our users. '```
- ```'It will assist by advising how much you should be putting away to keep you financially on track to get that new car, down payment on a new home or a much needed vacation, ESPECIALLY AFTER BOOTCAMP!.' ```
- ```'It also has a built in feature as a budget tracker for when you are on said vacation!'```

## Walk-through of the main features (120-150 sec): tech stack, challenges
- ```'We're using React for our front end, Express in the backend and Postgres for data management.'```

RICKY: 
```Here we have a basic user login page where it would allow the user to log in or create an account if they don’t have one. ```
\
\
(Logs in Ricky)
\
\
(SAVINGS PAGE )

```As I log in, it will showcase the profile page with my goal, amount, and the days until I reached the goal. There’s also a progress circle on the right to remind myself what percent I’m at for my down payment. Underneath I can click the tabs to show how much money I’m advised to save per day, per week, per month, in order to reach my goal.```

(PROFILE PAGE)

```Now moving onto the profile page: On this page it’ll show my current goal, the target goal amount and the current deadline to reach my goal. I can also edit and change my goals as the user in case anything changes. Now I’ll pass it off to Kevin to go over the expense page.```

KEVIN: 

- ```As you see with my profile I'm trying to save up for a Macbook.```

- ```We'll head over to the savings page just to see how much more I need to save.```

- ```You can tell that I only need about 300 more dollars ```
- ```The advice tabs will deactivate based on how much time is left until the goal end date```
- ```Once I head over to the expenses page```
- ```This is where I can enter all my expenses, income and savings amounts```
- ```For now I'm going to send $300 of it to my savings to hit my goal```
- ```Let's check to see how well I have been saving in the chart```
- ```As you can see I'm doing pretty well!```
- ```The graph currently shows the advised amount I should be saving in green ```
- ```And if you hover over each mark```
- ```Once we hit our goal the piggy bank is full!```
- ```Now we can click it to break it!```
- ```WOOHOO!```
- ```I'll pass it off to Alvin to handle the rest of our features```

ALVIN:

- ```In my page you can see I was initially saving for a car```
- ```But, lets say I change my mind post boot camp, and I now need a vacation instead```
- ```We look at our savings and see we only need about $700.```
- ```We just won a bet against Kevin and lets throw that money into our savings to hit our goal!```
- ```Now lets go break that piggy we also that vacation mode is accessible only if you are saving for a vacation```\
(break the pig)\
(click vacation mode)
- ```Once the dates are set, we see that the app changes to vacation mode on submission```
- ```The savings page changes to track your budget and advised daily spending```
- ```Expenses now only show expenses made after the vacation start date```
- ```The line graph reverses and tracks your spending instead of your savings```
- ```You can even change the currency that is being displayed to match the country your in``` 
- ```expenses made in other currencies will also convert back to USD in the table```

(make expense)

the biggest challenge we had was making sure all of our apis and front end were communicating to properly display information dynamically

## Further developments (30-60 sec): in the future, we'd like to explore x and y, etc.
If we had more time

- set up proper authentication with our login & cookies
- more data analytic to displays where all your money is going
- geo locating for currency suggestions over seas


```This is Piggy Financial!```

```THANK YOU!```
